Goals:

!!! Overall Project Goals !!!
Scaleability - Able to add more objects easily to add 'content', requires as little hard-coding as possible
Flexible - Able to add difficulty settings into any form of calculation, to create various levels of difficulty (eg: harder to level, less healing, harder enemies)
Clean Code (Non-Sphaggeti) - Well named / documented / comments to make it easy to find what each block of code does 
Scaleable Complexity - Additional systems can be added without having to modify the base code much
All Devices - To have media queries / scaleable CSS to ensure it's as playable on a mobile phone as it is on a TV
Bug Free - All / most attempts of creating errors by doing strange things in the game must not result in inability to continue


!! Game Goals !!
Non-repetitive - The player must not feel it too reptitive, a new element introduced or the game length to not be too long
Visually Right - Aethestically pleasing, without blemish or out of place objects
Easy to pick up - UI must be clean and intuitive, with the goals well outlined / popup boxes
Suspense / Drama - The feeling of getting a new item, almost game over'ing, things to keep the player on edge occasionally
Fun RNG - Variance of rolls must not deeply affect the game, and offer opportunities for counterplay
Immersive - The player needs to feel the atmosphere, be it them as duty-bound or free-spirited.
Epic - The setting must give the player a sense of awe when confronted with an exceptionally important scene


! Extra Game Goals !
Save - Be it to pick up the game at a later time or to save before a boss fight. To offer comfort to the player
Leaderboard - How well did each player do? An online leaderboard would encourage players
Customization - Offer the player to not dive into the code but still add various customization of their own, while within the game
Accessiblity - Able to play the game using just arrow keys to navigate
Leveling Stats - Assign stat points after each level to empower playstyles
Multiplayer - Solo play has great potential, but multiplayer always add another layer!